BZ2110179: Update UI procedures for top-level Virt (#48203)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-importing-rhel-image-boot-source-web.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-importing-rhel-image-boot-source-web_{context}"]
= Importing a {op-system-base} image as a boot source

You can import a {op-system-base-full} image as a boot source by specifying a URL for the image.

.Prerequisites

* You must have access to a web page with the operating system image. For example: Download Red Hat Enterprise Linux web page with images.

.Procedure

> . In the {VirtProductName} console, click *Virtualization* -> *Templates* from the side menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {product-title} console, click *Virtualization* -> *Templates* from the side menu.
```

Author: Totally agree. I hated seeing the Virt console everywhere. Will change this everywhere.
